Add matching funds campaign (#15)
daffyorg/examples: matching-funds/README.md

# Matching Funds

> This application let uses create a matching fund campaing for their favorite charity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application lets users create a matching fund campaign for their favorite charity.
```

Author: You have no idea how many times I misspelled `campaign` as `campaing` while developing this

The campaing uses an EIN defined as an environment variable to fetch the non profit information from the Daffy's API using the personal API key.

> Then uses OAuth2 to allow end-users to authenticate and create a donations to that specific non profit, the amount the user choose will also be used to create a donatino with the personal API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then uses OAuth2 to allow end-users to authenticate and create donations to that specific non-profit. The amount the user chooses will also be used to create a donation with their personal API key.
```

## Prerequisites

1. Node.js (v14.0 or higher)
2. NPM (v6.0 or higher)
3. A Daffy client ID and secret
4. A Daffy personal API key (https://www.daffy.org/settings/api)

> 5. The EIN of the non profit you want to support (https://www.daffy.org/charities)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The EIN of the non-profit you want to support (https://www.daffy.org/charities)
```

> **Note** to get a client ID and secret contact us at partner@daffy.org

## Setup

1. Clone the repository and navigate to the project folder.
2. Install the dependencies with `npm install`.

> 3. Rename the `.env.template` to `.env` and put your client ID and secret, your personal API key and a non profit EIN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Rename the `.env.template` to `.env` and put your client ID and secret, your personal API key, and a non-profit EIN.
```
